All your needs will be satisfied by our new Space Galaxy HD Wallpaper Chrome Theme!
Your browsing process never been so comfortable and pleasant! Just install this absolutely FREE Space Galaxy Wallpapers for New Tab extension and have some fun! The real Live fans cannot resist this amazing high definition Wallpapers and Backgrounds, which will bring more and more colors to your day! This extension is also refers to such categories like Space & Galaxy planets,Trippy,Spaceship,Moving Wallpapers.
Installation:
-  Find and click on install bottom at the right upper corner.  The first load is always the longest, so please wait a few seconds and then you will find the best Space Galaxy Backgrounds HD in your Chrome New Tab.
-  Second step is to customize all options provided in your New Tab in accordance to your personal needs. It`s also a pretty simple - find the “Options” button in the left upper corner and choose “Settings” tab.
-  Done! Now enjoy your awesome New Tab HD with wallpapers and useful features.
Real fans can`t just pass by this awesome Space Galaxy Wallpaper HD New Tab Theme extension. Just install it absolutely for free and have fun! For Space Galaxy  lovers we can also recommend such products like Outer,Jam, Outer .
Removal:
-  Click on the icon in the upper right corner of the Chrome interface.
-  Choose the option “Settings”.
-  Click on “Extensions” in the appeared menu.
-  Choose the extension that you want to eliminate.
-  Find the trash icon and click on it.
-  Done! Your extension is uninstalled.
Main Features:
-  Useful option of the local time;
-  Quick access to most viewed websites and favorites;
-  High-quality Stunning Graphics of Space Galaxy  wallpapers & backgrounds in every New Tab;
-  The list of useful application provides a quick access to Gmail ,  Youtube , Facebook etc 
-  Animation of snow is available!

DISCLAIMER
This is not an official application and it was created by Stars  fans. All images were collected on the Internet. The elements used in this application are not associated with, sponsored or supported by any company. All trademarks and copyrights are reserved by their owners. Please inform us if you are the owner of the content, and we will remove it.