Privacy Policy https://policies.extfans.com/policies/privacy/fans-new-tab.html

Reinvent Chrome Start Page with Fans New Tab. Power up the new tab with Apps, Messengers, Games, Google & Apple Services

Based on the past knowledge,  Fans New Tab considers that New Tab should be equipped with better features and minimalist design. Today we redefine New Tab as a pursuit of minimalist aesthetics, one-stop service experience and less content for more features. A new generation of tab means a more accessible and powerful New Tab. Allow elegant and easy use of chrome. 
 Fans New Tab: Customize chrome New Tab; Open an era of page adding, which means that the URL will be added to the New Tab no matter which page you are browsing; Goggle Mail Reminder, Weather Tips, Todos, History Management, App Management, Notepad Application like Evernote, HD wallpapers, Bing, Baidu and Goggle Search can all be innovatively found in  New Tab. Offer more simple and convenient applications.
 Fans New Tab Features:
1. Wonderful Icons: With flat design style, including more than 200 domestic and international popular icons.
2. HD Wallpapers: Carefully select 365 wallpapers from 35,000 HD ones to match the icons so that a new wallpaper is available for each specific day; Of course, you may also select the pictures from your computer as the wallpaper
3. Cloud Sync: Back up real-time data to the Cloud, and allow Onekey Recovery from the Cloud.
4. Intelligent Mail Notification: Gmail Mail Reminder. 
5. Todos: Check the things to be done and the things that have been done at any time. 
6. Personalized Search: Select your favorite search engine and customize additional personal search engine. 
7. App Extension Management: Manage your extensions quickly and conveniently. 
8. History Management: View your search history.
9. Notepad: Record life details. 





 Fans New Tab is a New Tab Page extension for Chrome, it based on html5 and redefined your Chrome new tab. Compared with Chrome original new tab,  Fans New Tab allows you to add your favorite websites by yourself.We redrawed hundreds of icons to build your cloud application platform, of course, you can also customize the icons for these sites. In addition, the background image of the new tab page is able to be changed, just use your own images or use the function of automatic change wallpaper. We also integrated weather, todos, notes, and other functions in  Fans New Tab.It even display your Gmail messages and notifications. Experience smooth and nice interface is our specialty, hurry to try it.

More powerful New Tab
 Quick Start, Speed Dial
 Unparalleled smooth experience
 Add your favorite websites at will
 Cloud Sync
 FOR FREE

Redrawed hundreds of icons to build your cloud application platform
 Each speed dial item has its own icon
 You may also use your images to design beautiful icons for the website
 Even available to adjust the Border Radius and Opacity of icons

Fast and powerful search engine
 Integrate popular search engines like Google and Bing
 Smart Website Tips
 Custom additional search engines, such as Wikipedia and DuckDuckGo

Remind you of your work
 Integrate the most used Todos and Gmail
 Get your unread mails and display notifications
 The subscripts will tell you how much work remaining

Weather Tips
 Automatically get the weather in your city
 The icon reflects the real-time weather conditions
 Weather forecast for the week
 wind, atmospheric pressure and other weather information

365 Wallpapers for You
 Automatically change the wallpaper every day to bring you a new mood
 You may use your own images as the wallpapers

Privacy Policy:
https://policies.extfans.com/policies/privacy/fans-new-tab.html