What is the Cloud File Renamer (CFR) Chrome Extension? 
This extension lets you easily access and review   your Cloud File Renamer account. In a few clicks, you can  review added cloud drives ,  renaming jobs performed and open the Web Service  and mass rename files, photos, songs, and videos.  

NOTE: The web-service allows you to load your files, add Renaming Rules, and preview the filenames. It will not rename your files until you become a Pro Subscriber. 

What is the purpose of CFR?

CFR is a cloud-based application to bulk rename files on the Cloud. The online renaming utility supports Google Drive™, Microsoft OneDrive, Dropbox, and Amazon S3. You can change file names without even downloading the files to your computer, tablet, or the smartphone. 

How to Create a CFR Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Account? 
Before you can start renaming files, you need to create an account on the website. The Cloud File Renamer app allows you to Signup using the following options: 

Signup with Google 
Signup with Microsoft 
Signup using your Email 

Once you have created an account, you will see the application’s dashboard. From that interface, you can load any of the supported Cloud Drives’ files for renaming at once. 
Adding Cloud Drives and Loading Files for Renaming 
After creating the account, you can follow the standard OAuth Login Verification-Procedure to let the CFR access and view your Google Drive™, OneDrive, Dropbox, or Amazon S3 files. Once a Cloud Drive is added, you will see its folders. Simply select one or more folders to load the files into the CFR app. 

Is It Secure? 
The Cloud File Renamer SaaS uses a secure and authentic procedure to access your files. It utilizes the official APIs and protects your information through a strong 256-bit encryption mechanism. The application doesn’t store your password and files. It also doesn’t view the content of your files. 

What Are the Renaming Rules?

The Renaming Rules are the different ways for setting new names of the files. The online file renamer has useful rules such as: 

New Name
Replace Text 
Remove Text
Trim Text 
Suffix 
Prefix 
Numbering 
Insert At
Lower Case
Upper Case 
Title Case 
Swap 

Uninstalling The Extension

See the Vertical Dotted-Lines on top-right of your Chrome browser. Click to customize > then click on More Tools > Extensions > Find the CFR extension and click on Remove. 
Terminating the Account
To terminate your CFR  account, Sign In to the application and Click on My Account option. In the User Details column, click on the Terminate Account button. 
Privacy Policy
https://www.cloudfilerenamer.com/privacy-policy
Terms of Service 
https://www.cloudfilerenamer.com/terms-of-service
FAQs
https://www.cloudfilerenamer.com/faqs
Support 
https://www.cloudfilerenamer.com/Support/form
Pricing 
https://www.cloudfilerenamer.com/Pricing/index

Google Drive™, Dropbox, OneDrive, and Amazon S3 logos are the trademarks owned by their respective companies.